Galaxy lille (#2018)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2023-05-21-Fair-Ease-EuroScienceGateway/index.md

[![Scoop3-Argo](images/scoop3.png)](https://usegalaxy.eu/root?tool_id=interactive_tool_scoop3_argo)

> Many thanks to the hard workers of these 2 days who help getting these tools (and more tools still in production) up and running on Galaxy Europe. We worked alongside BODERE Erwan, DETOC Jérôme, DUCOS Fabrice, FRATIANNI Claudia, JOAN Jean-Baptiste, LANGELLA Giuliano, MATHURIN Théo, PASCAL Nicolas, SIZUN Alban and WEBER Clément.
> 
> # Conclusion
> 
> This training allowed the Fair-Ease partners to get the basis about Galaxy and on how to use the platform and how to integrate tools into Galaxy.
> It was pretty efficient as we succeeded, with the attendants, to get many tools ready and 3 tools even deploved in production on the European Galaxy server.
> We hope to continue this collaboration and go on contributing to the Galaxy ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Conclusion

This training allowed the Fair-Ease partners to get the basis about Galaxy and on how to use the platform and how to integrate tools into Galaxy.
It was pretty efficient as we succeeded, with the attendants, to get many tools ready and 3 tools were even deployed in production on the European Galaxy server.

Many thanks to BODERE Erwan, DETOC Jérôme, DUCOS Fabrice, FRATIANNI Claudia, JOAN Jean-Baptiste, LANGELLA Giuliano, MATHURIN Théo, PASCAL Nicolas, SIZUN Alban, and WEBER Clément.

We hope to continue this collaboration and go on contributing to the Galaxy ecosystem.

```

Reviewer: Something like that?

[![Scoop3-Argo](images/scoop3.png)](https://usegalaxy.eu/root?tool_id=interactive_tool_scoop3_argo)

> Many thanks to the hard workers of these 2 days who help getting these tools (and more tools still in production). We worked alongside BODERE Erwan, DETOC Jérôme, DUCOS Fabrice, FRATIANNI Claudia, JOAN Jean-Baptiste, LANGELLA Giuliano, MATHURIN Théo, PASCAL Nicolas, SIZUN Alban and WEBER Clément.

Reviewer: "Many thanks to the hard workers of these 2 days who help getting these tools" this sentence is missing an end.

Reviewer: And did you wanted to put this under conclusion or under scoop?

Author: Under scoop but maybe it would be better under de conclusion ?
